Creating Is teaching right for me category page (#3555)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/teacher-pay-and-benefits.md

---
title: "Teacher pay and benefits"
heading: "Teacher pay and benefits"
subcategory: Pay and benefits
description: |-
  All qualified teachers will have a starting salary of at least £30,000 (or higher in London). Find out about teacher pay ranges and more benefits of teaching.
date: "2021-06-24"
backlink: "../../"
navigation: 5.10
navigation_title: How much do teachers get paid?

> navigation_description: Find out the starting salary for a qualified teacher and how this can increase during your career.

Reviewer: Not sure this is quite right at the moment - it implies that the starting salary increases!

Do improve my suggestion as needed though

```suggestion
navigation_description: Find out the starting salary for a qualified teacher and how your pay can increase during your career.
```

> navigation_description: Find out the starting salary for a qualified teacher and how your pay increases during your career.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigation_description: Find out the starting salary for a qualified teacher and how your pay could increase during your career.
```
I think we might want to be slightly more cautious here @philspray ?

description: |-
  All qualified teachers will have a starting salary of at least £30,000 (or higher in London). Find out about teacher pay ranges and more benefits of teaching.
date: "2021-06-24"
backlink: "../../"
navigation: 5.10
navigation_title: How much do teachers get paid?

> navigation_description: Find out how much teachers earn and the different ranges of pay available.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this sounds quite right - almost implies they can choose their pay range?

Should we be talking about starting salary and something about how this progresses/increases etc.?
